[WIP]THREESCALE-11020 Redis TLS certs and keys for porta and backend (#1025)
3scale/3scale-operator: doc/apimanager-reference.md

| CONFIG_REDIS_SSL | This field is "true" if any of the other fields (CONFIG_REDIS_CA_FILE, CONFIG_REDIS_CERT, CONFIG_REDIS_PRIVATE_KEY) are not empty. Otherwise it is "false"| `false`                                                                                                           |
| CONFIG_QUEUES_CA_FILE | Backend's redis file with configuration setting for the CA certificate that is used for secure communications in the context of a Redis queueing. | `""`                                                                                                              |
| CONFIG_QUEUES_CERT | Backend's redis certificate used for establishing secure connections in a Redis queuing | `""`                                                                                                              |
| CONFIG_QUEUES_PRIVATE_KEY | Backend's redis private key used for establishing secure connections in the context of Redis queuing. | `""`                                                                                                              |

> | CONFIG_QUEUES_SSL | This field is "true" if any of the other fields (CONFIG_QUEUES_CA_FILE, CONFIG_QUEUES_CERT, CONFIG_QUEUES_PRIVATE_KEY) are not empty. Otherwise it is "false"|`""`| `false`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CONFIG_QUEUES_SSL | This field is "true" if any of the other fields (CONFIG_QUEUES_CA_FILE, CONFIG_QUEUES_CERT, CONFIG_QUEUES_PRIVATE_KEY) are not empty. Otherwise it is "false"|`false`|
```
Possible typo?

Author: Updated. Thank you for comment!

| NAMESPACE | Define the namespace to be used by System's Redis Database. The empty value means not namespaced | `""` |
| SENTINEL_HOSTS | System's Redis sentinel hosts. Used only when Redis sentinel is configured | `""` |
| SENTINEL_ROLE | System's Redis sentinel role name. Used only when Redis sentinel is configured | `""` |
| REDIS_CA_FILE | System's redis file that contains the Certificate Authority (CA) certificate | `""` |
| REDIS_CLIENT_CERT | System's Redis Client certificate | `""`|
| REDIS_PRIVATE_KEY | System's redis private key used for authentication in SSL/TLS communication | `""`|

> | REDIS_SSL | This field is "true" if any of the other fields (REDIS_CA_FILE, REDIS_CLIENT_CERT, REDIS_PRIVATE_KEY) are not emp``ty. Otherwise it is "false"| `false`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| REDIS_SSL | This field is "true" if any of the other fields (REDIS_CA_FILE, REDIS_CLIENT_CERT, REDIS_PRIVATE_KEY) are not empty. Otherwise it is "false"| `false`|
```
Typo

Author: Updated. Thank you!
